---
layout: single
title: About
header:
 image: code-header.jpg
 teaser: code-header.jpg
categories: [Other]
---
Hey Senskers !

Welcome to my humble blog, Alex here !

As a typical geek, I'm consistently starting small and (sometimes) fun internet projects. Most of 
these come from real life needs that I or people around me face. These projects are often a good way 
for me to solve these issues while learning or perfecting a software technology. Moreover, creating 
prototypes that are actually usable, used and useful for someone fills my entrepreuneurial cravings.

At the time I'm writing these words, I have been doing that for a few years now and I do believe
that keeping track of all the solutions and hurdles I come across is a smart thing to do, for me and
let's hope also for someone else out there.

This blog will then consists of my ramblings over these projects, including some of my insights on 
the technologies used, the issues I've encountered and the solutions I came up with. My aim is to 
keep this blog light-hearted and instructive for any of us Senskers.

Every post will be formatted as follow:

1. The story highlighting the need
2. The solution (and issues encountered)
3. A link to the complete code, for us lazy copy-pasters
4. A list of all the sources that help me build the solution, from docs to blogs to scientific articles (and books ... once in a while ... maybe)
 
Anyway, I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do making it and remember that I'm very open to any
comments or suggestions ! Our goal is to learn, and it's impossible without mistakes and feedback.
